feat(charter): introduce emergency and async votes (#919)
nodejs/TSC: TSC-Charter.md

object?" as a final call for dissent from the consensus.

If an agenda item cannot reach a consensus a TSC member can call for

> either a closing vote or a vote to table the issue to the next meeting or to
> be conducted asynchronously through a system to be chosen by the TSC. The
> call for a vote is approved if none of the TSC members in the meeting object
> to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a closing vote (assumes enough TSC members in the meeting), a vote to table the
issue to the next meeting, or a vote to be conducted asynchronously through a
system to be chosen by the TSC. The call for a vote is approved if none of the
TSC members in the meeting object to it.
```

For all votes, a simple majority of all TSC members for, or against, the issue
wins. A TSC member may choose to participate in any vote through abstention.

Note that, in addition to requiring a simple majority vote of the TSC, all
changes to this charter are also subject to approval from the CPC.

> ### Section 7.1. Immediate Votes

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't time-sensitive be more apt (already used in describing the process below)? The phrase `immediate` seems pretty confusing to me, especially since the process is still not truly immediate.

Reviewer 3: Yes

> ### Section 7.1. Emergency Votes

Reviewer: My personal feeling is it might be better to just allow votes to be called through the mailing list.  I'm not sure a meeting is needed, and the mailing is likely to reach more TSC members.

Reviewer 4: +1 to making a clear process for calling a vote without requiring a meeting rather than making a specific carve out. Honestly if one TSC member calls the vote and there are no objections within a 24 hour period that could be reasonable enough to kick one off. Waiting for a majority of the TSC to +1 could end up causing a delay long enough that we have the next meetings ready to go already 😂

Author: So instead of having two ways of calling for vote and executing a vote, we only have one via mailing list (potentially via issues for votes that can be public)? I think that's a good idea, it allows for input from any TSC members (not only those who live in a timezone favourable for a particular meeting) and allow us to vote faster.

Author: @MylesBorins +100000, there's no reason to wait for 10 +1s via email to start the vote process, 24h with no one objecting to having a vote seems reasonable.

Reviewer 4: If someone doesn't like the vote they can vote no 😂

Reviewer 3: I agree! I would like to see the need for calling a vote in a meeting or with a majority removed.

For time-sensitive issues where reaching consensus asynchronously fails, TSC

> members may call for a vote through the TSC issue tracker. A compelling reason

Reviewer 3: There have been a few occasions where the issue to vote on was private in nature. In those cases, we should use emails.

must be provided on why calling for a vote can't wait until the next meeting.
Emergency Votes must be seconded by a majority of the TSC, otherwise the

> issue will be discussed in the next meeting (where a regolar vote can be

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
issue will be discussed in the next meeting (where a regular vote can be
```
